First up is Android, and so if we choose to build for Android, what we're going to see here is that
when building for Android, you can choose to build an app or an app bundle.
Well, what's that?
So there are different types of binaries or different types of outputs that you can upload to the App
Store.
Now, app bundles are recommended, but you have to make sure that Google Play app signing is enabled
for your project.
So this is a more complicated step.
If it's your first time building, they'll ask you also to upload a key store for XPO to be able to
handle it for you.
If you don't know what a key store is, they'll generate one for you.
Otherwise you can upload your own.
So we'll let them upload it for us.
And so if EXPL uploads a key store for us, we have to run it later on with the Fetch Key store and
back it up ourselves.
That's recommended because they're storing it in the cloud on their end.
And so making up a backup of your key story is extremely important because once you submit to the Google
Play store, all future releases must also be signed with that same key store.
Think of it like a contract.
And Google, once you release with that key store, is going to hold you to that key store.
It's kind of like a contract.
It's a file that contains information that's going to be specific to our application signing process.
So Google just wants to make sure that you are the one signing.
So first things first, let's go run Expo, build Android.
And so over here, if we open up our terminal, what we're going to see is that once I run, X will
build Android, it's going to set up my project.
So it's going to ask me what would I want my Android package name to be?
And it's going to give me an option.
Karmo beneath that to go.
So I'm going to accept that.
And then it's going to say, what do you want to build?
Do you want to build an app, build a package to deploy to the store or directly to Android devices
or an app bundle, build an optimized bundle for the store where we're going to choose an app because
then we can install it directly on Android devices if we choose to.
So let's choose that.
Once this is done, building your local JavaScript bundle, what it's going to do is it's going to upload
your build to Expo over here.
And if we go over to Build's, we can see now it's been uploaded and it's been cued.
So XML is going to take over the build for us.
We've built our JavaScript or optimized JavaScript output and now Expo is going to go through the steps
of actually building our Android app.
Okay.
And once it's done installing that Android app, it will allow us to download that output so that we
can go through the steps of actually deploying it onto the store.
So as you can see here, it's a step five of eight.
It's running gradle.
And with that, we can now keep track of all the builds that we do for Android or iOS.
So right now we're going through the Android build and once the build is done, we can actually go through
and download the Rapkay, install it on the device.
So let's wait for that bill to finish.
And of course, it gives you a link here where you can keep track of the build.
And if we click that link, we can go to the same exact screen that I just showed you we were at where
we can see which phase it's at.
So once this build is finished, let's go through and see what we can do with the output of that build.